docs(CTK8): Added converters usage sample (#19212)
unoplatform/uno: doc/articles/uno-community-toolkit-v8.md

A complete working sample, along with additional examples, is available on GitHub: [Uno Windows Community Toolkit SettingsCard Sample](https://github.com/unoplatform/Uno.Samples/tree/master/UI/WindowsCommunityToolkit/Version-8.x/UnoWCTSettingsCardSample)

## Using Non-UI Elements from the CommunityToolkit: Converters

> The CommunityToolkit is providing some ready-to-use Converters for e.g. x:Bind in Xaml, whithout having to write already existing basic Converters yourself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Community Toolkit is providing some ready-to-use Converters for e.g. `x:Bind` in Xaml, without having to write already existing basic converters yourself.
```

[List of CommunityToolkit Converters | Windows Toolkit Documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/communitytoolkit/windows/converters/)

> The implementation of those are quite similar to the example of the SettingsControl above, but there are small adjustments to be done to use them:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The implementation of those are quite similar to the example of the `SettingsControl` above, but there are small adjustments to be done to use them:
```

> The implementation of those are quite similar to the example of the SettingsControl above, but there are small adjustments to be done to use them:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The implementation of these is similar to the example of the `SettingsControl` above, with some minor adjustments required to use them:
```

1. Import of the Package

   Change this:

   ```CommunityToolkit.WinUI.Controls.SettingsControls```

   to Converters namespace:

   ```CommunityToolkit.WinUI.Converters```

>    while the Version will stay the same as above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Import of the `CommunityToolkit.WinUI.Converters` NuGet package. Keep the same version as the other Community Toolkit packages of your app.

> 1. Import of the Package
> 
>    Change this:
> 
>    ```CommunityToolkit.WinUI.Controls.SettingsControls```
> 
>    to Converters namespace:
> 
>    ```CommunityToolkit.WinUI.Converters```
> 
>    while the Version will stay the same as above.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Install the NuGet package reference needed for the converters

    ### Single Project Template [WinUI / WinAppSDK]
    1. Edit your project file `PROJECT_NAME.csproj` and add this additional needed reference:
        ```xml
        <ItemGroup>
          <PackageReference Include="CommunityToolkit.WinUI.Converters" />
          <!-- Add more community toolkit references here -->
        </ItemGroup>
        ```
    1. Edit `Directory.Packages.props` and add the needed reference(s):
        ```xml
        <ItemGroup>
          <PackageVersion Include="CommunityToolkit.WinUI.Converters" Version="8.1.240916" />
          <!-- Add more community toolkit references here -->
        </ItemGroup>
        ```
```

1. Add the related needed namespace(s)

    > [!NOTE]
    > In WCT version 8.x, the namespaces between UWP and WinAppSDK were merged.

    ### WinUI / WinAppSDK / UWP

      In XAML:
        ```xmlns:converters="using:CommunityToolkit.WinUI.Converters"```

      In C#:
        ```using CommunityToolkit.WinUI.Converters;```

>       In case you are developing a App that's using C# Markup and you want to use the Converters, you can now switch to [C#-Markup Converters](https://platform.uno/docs/articles/external/uno.extensions/doc/Learn/Markup/Converters.html) Documentation for future Usage Guide, the general Import is done from here on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      In case you are developing an app using C# Markup and you want to use the Converters, you can now switch to [C#-Markup Converters](https://platform.uno/docs/articles/external/uno.extensions/doc/Learn/Markup/Converters.html) Documentation for future Usage Guide, the general Import is done from here on.
```

>       In case you are developing a App that's using C# Markup and you want to use the Converters, you can now switch to [C#-Markup Converters](https://platform.uno/docs/articles/external/uno.extensions/doc/Learn/Markup/Converters.html) Documentation for future Usage Guide, the general Import is done from here on.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     If you are developing an app using [C# Markup](xref:Uno.Extensions.Markup.Overview) and want to use the converters, you can refer to the [C# Markup Converters Documentation](xref:Uno.Extensions.Markup.Converters) for a detailed usage guide. The general import process is covered from this point onward.
```

> 1. Xaml Definition

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. XAML Definition
```

> 1. Xaml Definition

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. XAML Definition
```

> Important Difference to the previous seen SettingsCard Control Example, a Non-UI Converter has to be imported to the Page.Resources Section to StaticResources like this for using it, since there is no single Namespace per Converter like on the Controls:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An important difference from the previous seen `SettingsCard` control example, a converter has to be imported to the `Page.Resources` Section to `StaticResources` to be able to use it, since there is no single namespace per converter like on Controls:
```

> Important Difference to the previous seen SettingsCard Control Example, a Non-UI Converter has to be imported to the Page.Resources Section to StaticResources like this for using it, since there is no single Namespace per Converter like on the Controls:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Unlike the previously seen `SettingsCard` control example, it is standard practice to define a converter in the `Page.Resources` section as a `StaticResource` before using it. This approach ensures that converters, like controls, are properly declared with a namespace and can be easily reused throughout the page.
```

### [Example StringToVisibilityConverter](#tab/string-visible-conv)

> StringToVisibilityConverter is a Converter that has to be bound to a String typed Property and will return a Visibility State.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`StringToVisibilityConverter `is a converter that has to be bound to a `string` typed property and will return a `Visibility` state.
```

> ### [Example StringToVisibilityConverter](#tab/string-visible-conv)
> 
> StringToVisibilityConverter is a Converter that has to be bound to a String typed Property and will return a Visibility State.
> 
> ```xml
> <Page.Resources>
>     <converters:StringVisibilityConverter x:Key="YourStringVisibilityConverter"/>
> </Page.Resources>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### [Example: StringToVisibilityConverter](#tab/string-visible-conv)

The `StringToVisibilityConverter` is a converter that transforms a string value into a `Visibility` state, returning `Visibility.Visible` for non-empty strings and `Visibility.Collapsed` for null or empty strings.

#### Define the Converter in Page Resources

Add the converter to the `Page.Resources` section as a `StaticResource`:

```xml
<Page.Resources>
    <converters:StringToVisibilityConverter x:Key="StringToVisibilityConverter" />
</Page.Resources>
```

```

> Somewhere in your Page Content:
> 
> ```xml
> <TextBox x:Name="tbName"
>         Text="{Binding Name, Mode=TwoWay}"
>         PlaceholderText="Enter your name:"/>
> <Button x:Name="StartButton"
>         Content="Start a cool simple Game!"
>         AutomationProperties.AutomationId="StartAGameButton"
>         Command="{Binding GoToStart}"
>         HorizontalAlignment="Center"
>         Visibility="{x:Bind tbName.Text, Converter={StaticResource StringVisibilityConverter}, Mode=OneWay}"/>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Use the Converter in Page Content

Here is an example of how to use the converter in your XAML content:

```xml
<TextBlock Text="This text is visible only if the condition is met."
           Visibility="{Binding SomeStringProperty, Converter={StaticResource StringToVisibilityConverter}}"/>
```

```

### [Example BoolToObjectConverter](#tab/bool-obj-conv)

> BoolToObjectConverter is a Converter that has to be bound to a Boolean typed Property and can return any Object you will give to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`BoolToObjectConverter` is a converter that has to be bound to a boolean typed property and can return any `object` you will give to it.
```

> You only have to tell it what to return on True or False. If you would like to use it for switching color on validation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You only have to specify what to return on `true` or `false`. If you would like to use it for switching color on validation:
```

```xml
<Page.Resources>
    <converters:BoolToObjectConverter x:Key="BoolToColorConverter" TrueValue="{ThemeResource SystemFillColorSuccessBackgroundBrush}"
                                                                    FalseValue="{ThemeResource SystemFillColorCriticalBackgroundBrush}"/>
</Page.Resources>
```

> [!NOTE]

> > The used ThemeResource Brushes can be found in the WinUI Gallery for example.
> > Feel free to use your own Colors e.g. from ColorPaletteOverrides

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The used `ThemeResource` brushes can be found in the WinUI Gallery for example.
> Feel free to use your own Colors e.g. from ColorPaletteOverrides
```

> ### [Example BoolToObjectConverter](#tab/bool-obj-conv)
> 
> BoolToObjectConverter is a Converter that has to be bound to a Boolean typed Property and can return any Object you will give to it.
> You only have to tell it what to return on True or False. If you would like to use it for switching color on validation:
> 
> ```xml
> <Page.Resources>
>     <converters:BoolToObjectConverter x:Key="BoolToColorConverter" TrueValue="{ThemeResource SystemFillColorSuccessBackgroundBrush}"
>                                                                     FalseValue="{ThemeResource SystemFillColorCriticalBackgroundBrush}"/>
> </Page.Resources>
> ```
> 
> > [!NOTE]
> > The used ThemeResource Brushes can be found in the WinUI Gallery for example.
> > Feel free to use your own Colors e.g. from ColorPaletteOverrides
> Somewhere in your Page Content:
> 
> ```xml
> <TextBox x:Name="tbName"
>             Text="{Binding Name, Mode=TwoWay}"
>             PlaceholderText="Enter your name:"
>             BackgroundColor="{x:Bind tbName.Text, Converter={StaticResource BoolToColorConverter},Mode=OneWay}"/>
> <Button x:Name="StartButton"
>         Content="Start a cool simple Game!"
>         AutomationProperties.AutomationId="StartAGameButton"
>         Command="{Binding GoToStart}"
>         HorizontalAlignment="Center"/>
> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### [Example: BoolToObjectConverter](#tab/bool-obj-conv)

The `BoolToObjectConverter` allows you to convert a boolean value into a specific object by defining `TrueObject` and `FalseObject`. Depending on the boolean value, the converter will return the corresponding object.

For example, you can use it to switch colors dynamically:

```xml
<Page.Resources>
    <converters:BoolToObjectConverter x:Key="BoolToColorConverter"
                                      TrueObject="Green"
                                      FalseObject="Red"/>
</Page.Resources>

<TextBlock Text="Status:"
           Foreground="{Binding IsValid, Converter={StaticResource BoolToColorConverter}}"/>
```

In this example, the `TextBlock` Foreground will be green when `IsValid` is `true` and red when `IsValid` is `false`.
